oh you brought it into my set you better
pray to cell phone' Jesus you ever work
in this town again
hey hey I know I'm another there's a
bunch of people around right now and
have to call you back okay sir no sir no
it was triple pepperoni and extra tacos
yes extra tacos on top of the pizza
that's a thing it's a thing that you
guys paid the same are you asking me I'm
the police or you combed hello Bob hmm
so phone Jesus hung up places everybody
places now where were we
I already got fired you don't have to
follow me around with that cabaret more
it's not all bad I guess
I bet steady work as an actor since I
got tossed out of Borderlands I mean I
see through that totes rad Japanese
commercial for rodent bleach
I won the Tokyo grand movie person award
for that what you all why is crazier
than a trash can in a lot half it's hack
random hey me too